.H265REPACK(1)
.SH Name
     image2WebP - convert photos to .webp

.SH SYNOPSIS
image2WebP
.I <source> <target> [quality] [compression]

.SH DESCRIPTION
     image2WebP is a script for converting image files to webp 
     format. It supports both individual files or directories 
     containing multiple video files. The script allows the user 
     to specify a CRF (Constant Rate Factor) value quality and a 
     preset for the compression.

     The script uses ffmpeg for the conversion process and can handle a 
     variety of video formats. It also detects and retains the color 
     range of the source video. This makes the conversion process 
     efficient while maintaining video quality.

.SH REQUIRED ARGUMENTS
     source
         The source file or directory containing video files to be 
         converted.

     target
         The target file or directory where the converted video(s) will 
         be saved.

.SH OPTIONAL ARGUMENTS
     quality
         Quality for the output image (0-100).

     compression
         Compression level (0-6).

.SH USAGE
     To convert a single file:
         image2WebP input.ext output.webp
         
     To convert multiple files in a directory:
         image2WebP /path/to/source_directory /path/to/target_directory

     Add custom quality and compression ratios:
     	 image2WebP /path/to/file/or/directory path/to/target 75 6

.SH AUTHOR
     Written by [Your Name]

.SH REPORTING BUGS
     Report bugs to <your_email@example.com>.

.SH COPYRIGHT
     This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.
